feat(curriculum): add Artifact Provenance Auditor workshop (#68860)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-artifact-provenance-auditor/6a57c331ae94fa4631b60868.md

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b60868
title: Step 9
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

> A tag should never be added twice. The `includes` method returns `true` when an array already contains a value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tag should never be added twice. Before adding a new tag, you can use the `includes()` method to check if it already exists, as it returns `true` when an array already contains a value.
```

> Create a function named `addTag` with parameters `id` and `tag`. Look up the artifact with `collection[id]`. If it exists and its `tags` array does not already include `tag`, push `tag` onto `artifact.tags`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a function named `addTag` that takes `id` and `tag` parameters. Look up the artifact using `collection[id]`. If it exists and its `tags` array does not already include `tag`, push `tag` onto `artifact.tags`.
```

---
id: 6a57c331ae94fa4631b60868
title: Step 9
challengeType: 1
dashedName: step-9
---

# --description--

Curators add tags to describe artifacts, but the same tag should never be added twice. The `includes` method returns `true` when an array already contains a value.

The lookup line is provided. Inside `addTag`, add `tag` to the artifact's `tags` array only when the artifact exists and its `tags` array does not already include that tag.

# --hints--

You should have a function named `addTag` with parameters named `id` and `tag`.

```js
assert.isFunction(addTag);
const regex = __helpers.functionRegex('addTag', ['id', 'tag']);

> assert.match(__helpers.removeJSComments(code), regex);

Reviewer: You can replace this with AST helpers. Please refer to the [AST Helpers documentation.](https://contribute.freecodecamp.org/curriculum-help/#typescript-helpers).
